# VoxPupuli 2025 Elections

This page contains the metadata about the 2025 VoxPupuli elections that were announced
during the community day of CfgMgmtCamp on 5 Feb. 2025.

## Scope

Vote for the next 5 members of the PMC

## Election Officer

The Election Officer appointed by the PMC for this year is Gene Liverman <gene (at) technicalissues.us>

The Election Officer is responsible for:

- Voting process
- Encouraging people to vote
- Communication for the election
- Announcement of the results

According to our rules, the Election Officers can not run in the Election.

The Election officer will also be in charge of the communication during that
period, as there is no Communication Officer.

## Voting Process and Dates

### To nominate yourself or someone else

- Open an issue or submit a Pull Request adding the candidate to the list below
  before *23:59 UTC on 4 March 2025*.
- If you nominate another person, please request their review for the pull request.
  We'll use their approval to indicate their acceptance of the nomination.

### To vote

- The voting process will be published before nomination ends
- If there are only 5 nominations, there will be no voting and the 5 people end up in the PMC
- If we vote, we will do it for 2 weeks
- The PMC is elected for a year, starting with the end of the voting period

## Candidates

The following should be provided for/by each candidate:

- The candidate's name linked to their GitHub account in the table below
- A markdown page in the [2025-02](2025-02) directory containing the nomination.
  This should detail why the candidate would be a good choice to be part of the PMC.
- Optionally, a second arbitrary link. That second link can point to their website,
  X / Mastodon / Bluesky account, a specific blog post, etc. Regardless of where it points,
  the content reflected in that link MUST be related directly to the candidate and respect
  the [Contributor Code of Conduct](https://voxpupuli.org/coc/).

Each PMC person needs a GPG key. If the candidate already has one, it can be linked as well.

## Candidates list

| Candidate                     | Presentation               | Link |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------|------|
| [Tim Meusel][timg]            | [Presentation][timp]       |      |
| [Sebastian Rakel][sebastiang] | [Presentation][sebastianp] |      |
| [Ben Ford][beng]              | [Presentation][benp]       |      |
| [Robert Waffen][rwg]          | [Presentation][rwp]        |      |

[timg]: https://github.com/bastelfreak
[timp]: 2025-02/bastelfreak.md
[sebastiang]: https://github.com/sebastianrakel
[sebastianp]: 2025-02/spritzgebaeck.md
[beng]: https://github.com/binford2k
[benp]: 2025-02/binford2k.md
[rwg]: https://github.com/rwaffen
[rwp]: 2025-02/rwaffen.md
